# E-Commerce-Sales-Dashboard_-YTD-sales-analysis
E-Commerce Sales Dashboard_ YTD sales analysis
When it comes to running a successful online store there’s a lot to keep track of. From high-level metrics like revenue or number of orders, down to more detailed information such as customer feedback, there simply isn’t one ecommerce analytics tool that covers it all.
So as a business owner, how can I oversee all the different parts of my online store without wasting minutes or even hours every time I need to look up some important data? As many online retailers are finding out, the solution could be to set up a dedicated dashboard for your ecommerce site, containing metrics and other data I need to keep an eye on regularly, that can help me spot trends or any issues with my store that might require my intervention. For instance, if I am using eCommerce hosting, I might want to set up a dashboard and determine KPIs related to uptime and overall speed performance. This gives me information at a glance about how my website is performing.
The topic I choose to build my dashboard on is ‘E-Commerce Sales Dashboard_ YTD sales analysis’ we also call it ’current year sales analysis’. and this complete dashboard will be operated using two Dynamic filters or two quick filters. So, first one is the ‘market filter’ where whenever I'm changing the market, we can see the dashboard is changing accordingly with respect to that market. Second filter we have is of ‘customer segment’ . Additional Visualizations like donut chart in which whenever I click on any of the member, we can see the values are changing with respect to that as well.
There are a number of ecommerce metrics we should be tracking in order to monitor the health of your business. However, every business is unique and has its own unique set of KPIs that it needs to measure and track. By tracking these KPIs, business owners and eCommerce managers can make data-driven decisions that will help them grow and succeed with their eCommerce business. The KPIs I used include Sales KPI, Profit KPI, Order Quantity KPI.
